README.md, before:

# Salary Prediction and Job Market Analysis

## 📌 Project Overview
This project focuses on predicting salaries based on different job-related features.  
It also analyzes the job market to understand patterns such as skills, experience, and job roles.

The main goal is to use machine learning models to predict salary and gain insights from the data.

---

## 📂 File Description

### `salary_prediction_finalver.ipynb`
This Jupyter Notebook contains:
- Data preprocessing
- Data analysis and visualization
- Feature selection
- Model training and evaluation
- Salary prediction

---

## ⚙️ Technologies Used
- Python
- Pandas
- NumPy
- Matplotlib / Seaborn
- Scikit-learn

---

## 🧠 Workflow

1. Load dataset  
2. Clean and preprocess data  
3. Explore data (EDA)  
4. Encode categorical features  
5. Train machine learning model  
6. Evaluate performance  
7. Predict salary  

---

## 📊 Models Used
Examples:
- Linear Regression
- Decision Tree
- Random Forest

(You can edit this based on your notebook)

---

## ▶️ How to Run

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone <your-repo-link>

Commit message:

Revise workflow and instructions in README
Updated workflow steps and added insights section in README.

README.md, after:

# Salary Prediction and Job Market Analysis

## 📌 Project Overview
This project focuses on predicting salaries based on different job-related features.  
It also analyzes the job market to understand patterns such as skills, experience, and job roles.

The main goal is to use machine learning models to predict salary and gain insights from the data.

---

## 📂 File Description

### `salary_prediction_finalver.ipynb`
This Jupyter Notebook contains:
- Data preprocessing
- Data analysis and visualization
- Feature selection
- Model training and evaluation
- Salary prediction

---

## ⚙️ Technologies Used
- Python
- Pandas
- NumPy
- Matplotlib / Seaborn
- Scikit-learn

---

## 🧠 Workflow

1. Load dataset  
2. Clean and preprocess data  
3. Explore data (EDA)
4. Insights of Work life balance score and other interesting insights
5. Encode categorical features  
6. Train machine learning model  
7. Evaluate performance  
8. Predict salary  

---

## 📊 Models Used
Examples:
- Linear Regression
- Decision Tree
- Random Forest


---

## ▶️ How to Run

To run this, you need GPU, and then simply download this notebook.
